Laughing, we better stop looking.
Why don't you go far away and give it to Grandma Lin?
But I’ve already seen it.
Take a look. Don't look back and lose something,
Can't tell.
Okay, don't tell your opponent,
Not tens of thousands.
I don’t care about my experience, I don’t know.
I hate this pearl.
We have thought of something better than this before,
Baby is in the army.
The ring should be thin gold.
Since it’s not more than hundreds of thousands. Grandma Lin just packed the plastic bags.
Please do it. Not my wife
where are you going
this is too expensive
I have to return it to Lin Nannan quickly
You want to pay me back?
Didn't you say that he can't live there?